go up and celebrate with the fans was
leonel moreira
the captain either
until the mambo arrived
of disc this vision but keyner brown
journalist
omar omar hernández I feel this work
make part of the club's history
sport herediano and since champion with
number 24 that is very important and my my
the truth very happy to have this
may in my hands may be worked very
strong more but this plus the work is
all
like the boys
here with christian lakes how do you live
final cristian
with much suffering but we knew that
God had the reward and thanks to
God at the end we are very bad
obvious that for a player and now
enjoy with all of them as a family
after announcing his premature retirement
Ramirez wanted to ask him something
team agrees that he walked
horrible in that goal
the important thing is that it is the most
important
well the Mexicans
We passed horrible but fat of the
centers
and in front of the rose tree the party continued